Different from most peers, I did not pursue undergraduate study immediately after high school education. Instead, I chose to firstly learn computer technology at Aptech Vocational School. In the same year, I also won a valuable internship opportunity in Beijing LeftBrain company where I was mainly responsible for the testing and debugging of APPs. Via this internship, I stirred up a stronger desire to delve into the CS domain deeply. Hence, I afterwards received a systematic undergraduate education in computer science at the University of Cincinnati. During the period, I have gotten exposed to and exerted a positive impact on a series of research projects concerning image analysis, AI automobile and 3D scene design. Through intensive research engagements, I have motivated an ever-growing interest in CS, and conceived wide-ranging technological applications in my mind, such as campus AI camera for the recognition of strangers entering campus, shared private car rental App and predicting the rise and fall of stock prices through AI. I have clearly realized only equipping myself with higher-level CS technologies can I make these innovative ideas come true.
Driven by abiding interest in CS, I have done my utmost to advance my study in this field. In the courses of Data Structure and Design & Analysis of Algorithms, I learned tree structures and algorithm design. Besides, by signing up for Artificial Intelligence: Principles and Applications, I have mastered the fundamentals and specific technology in AI. To further my study in AI and data mining, I proactively attended Dr. Gowtham Atluri’s postgraduate course Intelligent Data Analysis and positively consulted the professor about the applications of decision-making trees in specific work and life. Learning with postgraduate students has not only enriched my expertise in data mining and machine learning, but also made me better at cooperating with and gaining inspiration from seniors. 

UC has provided students with paid co-op programs, which makes me more easily access to fulfilling industry visits and clients projects and develops my hands-on techniques in practices. Since junior year, I have participated in the co-op program provided by the NEXT Mobility Lab of University of Cincinnati as a research assistant. Most impressively, I once represented the lab to take part in the research and development project -- Geospatial Imagery Analytics Research launched jointly by Cincinnati Insurance Company (CIC), Nearmap company and EagleView Company. In terms of my duties, I was required to take charge of the image capture work. Given the limitation of Neapmap company’s images, I innovatively programmed an algorithm which could convert the real distance into Google image distance. Since the area of the image to be captured was too large, I specially designed an algorithm to splice map tiles. While working with a group of doctoral researchers, I qualified myself by quickly grasping the interactive application between codes and software as well as relevant simulation technology. 

Depending on my research performance, I was also invited to participate in another two research projects about target recognition of intelligent vehicles and utilization of Delta3D and Maya to complete the transformation of voxel via 3D grid to realize snow falling in the 3D scene. Benefiting from these research projects, not only have I dramatically strengthened my abilities in cooperatively or independently conducting CS research, but also I have further enhanced my quick learning, multi-tasking, team cooperation and problem-solving competencies. All these enhanced professional techniques and personal attributes will significantly benefit my following graduate study and allow me to make impacts on the society with innovative CS technologies. 

In the future, I intend to engage in the work in the AI and robotics industry. In the long run, I will consider starting a business in China within the IT industry. My vision is to make human life for the better by means of advanced technology and originality. 
